1. Paste a link to your [USERNAME].github.io repository.
2. Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person.
3. Describe what open source means.
4. What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
5. Assess the importance of using licenses.
6. What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
7. Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.


- [Mah coolio website](http://natasha-t.github.io/)
- To create a new repository on Github you simply click on the '+' at the upper-right hand corner and select 'new repository,' name it, make it public (so people can love and appreciate you for sharing your wonderful code), add a README.md and a license. Now that you have a remote repository, you'll want all this on your local computer. To do that, you copy the 'Clone URL' and proceed to Terminal. Make sure you're in the directory you want the repository to sit in. Then type 'git clone [CLONE URL]' and boom shak-a-laka your github repo is on your local computer.
- Open source means that a computer program's raw code is accessible to anyone for free use, editing, and sharing. All in all the essense of open source software is that it's OPEN and free for people to peer into and fiddle around with, no mulah involved.
- I think Open Source and what it stands for is the very reason why modern technology and applications are as advanced as they are today. The immense collaborative energy that's generated when projects are open source evolves tech at an expoenential level. An example of one of my favorite programs, Processing, was open source. However, in its original conception, the developers didn't incorporate an easy way to deploy Processing sketches to the Internet. BUT, because the project was open source, people (actually the original developer's graduate student) coded a way to host the sketches online using Javascript/HTML. How awesome is that?!? Only happened because of the project being open sourced. I think it's exciting to witness the evolution of open source projects, and I'm sure it is for the orignal makers as well.
- Licenses are appropriate in that at least some parameters are set. With the MIT License we're using here at DBC, it works for our needs because it's one of the loosest licenses, the copyright notice just has to be attached.
- The process of staging commits, committing, and pushing to the remote repo was all made clear today. I forogt though to add a README.md file when I created the repo so I added one on github, then simply 'git pull origin master' to pull that README.md file to my local computer. So easy! One thing I struggled was doing the reverse, editing a file locally that I had already pushed to github but needed to be updated. I realized I didn't have the file staged but was tyring to commit and push the changes to github. Then I tried to start over but the branch merging got all funky so I ended up editing the master on github and pulling to the local version (cop-out I know, I'm stil learning!!).
- The only other resource I used other than the ones DBC provided was a quick intro to git commands and what they do by Code School. (https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)